"yoda"	"ready, are you? what know you of ready? for eight hundred years have i trained jedi. my own counsel will i keep on who is to be trained! a jedi must have the deepest commitment, the most serious mind. this one a long time have i watched. never his mind on where he was. hmm? what he was doing. hmph. adventure. heh! excitement. heh! a jedi craves not these things. you are reckless!"
"vader"	"there is no escape. don't make me destroy you. you do not yet realize your importance. you have only begun to discover you power. join me and i will complete your training. with our combined strength, we can end this destructive conflict and bring order to the galaxy."
"leia"	"all troop carriers will assemble at the north entrance. the heavy transport ships will leave as soon as they're loaded. only two fighter escorts per ship. the energy shield can only be opened for a short time, so you'll have to stay very close to your transports."
"threepio"	"don't try to blame me. i didn't ask you to turn on the thermal heater. i merely commented that it was freezing in the princess's chamber. but it's supposed to be freezing. how are we going to dry out all her clothes? i really don't know."
"lando"	"that's always been a danger looming like a shadow over everything we've built here. but things have developed that will insure security. i've just made a deal that will keep the empire out of here forever."
"veers"	"my lord, the fleet has moves out of light-speed. com-scan has detected an energy field protecting an area around the sixth planet of the hoth system. the field is strong enough to deflect any bombardment."
"luke"	"if you're saying coming here was a bad idea, i'm beginning to agree with you. oh, artoo, what are we doing here? it's like... something out of a dream, or, i don't know. maybe i'm just going crazy."
"piett"	"lord vader, our ships have completed their scan of the area and found nothing. if the millennium falcon went into light-speed, it'll be on the other side of the galaxy by now."
"rebel"	"captain groups seven and ten will stay behind to fly the speeders. as soon as each transport is loaded, evacuation control will give clearance for immediate launch."
"needa"	"...and that, lord vader, was the last time they appeared in any of our scopes. considering the amount of damage we've sustained, they must have been destroyed."
"han"	"yeah, that's what i thought. mynock. chewie, check the rest of the ship, make sure there aren't any more attached. they're chewing on the power cables."
"rieekan"	"reroute all power to the energy shield. we've got to hold them till all transports are away. prepare for ground assault."
"zev"	"this is rouge two. this is rouge two. captain solo, so you copy? commander skywalker, do you copy? this is rouge two."
"ben"	"but you cannot control it. this is a dangerous time for you, when you will be tempted by the dark side of the force."
"deck"	"officer sir, commander skywalker hasn't come in through the south entrance. he might have forgotten to check in."
"creature"	"not far. yoda not far. patience. soon you will be with him. rootleaf, i cook. why wish you become jedi? hm?"
"derlin"	"your highness, there's nothing more we can do tonight. the shield doors must be closed."
"ozzel"	"my lord, there are so many uncharted settlements. it could be smugglers, it could be..."
"controller"	"general, there's a fleet of star destroyers coming out of hyperspace in sector four."
"dack"	"luke, we've got a malfunction in fire control. i'll have to cut in the auxiliary."
"lieutenant"	"sir, all the patrols are in. there's still no contact from skywalker or solo."
"second"	"controller sir, we have a priority signal from the star destroyer avenger."
"emperor"	"the force is strong with him. the son of skywalker must not become a jedi."
"medical"	"droid sir, it will take quite awhile to evacuate the t-forty- sevens."
"assistant"	"officer i'll cover sector twelve. have com-control set screen alpha."
"senior"	"controller no. wait -- there's something very weak coming through."
"tracking"	"officer captain needa, the ship no longer appears on our scopes."
"communications"	"officer captain, lord vader demands an update on the pursuit."
"intercom"	"voice permission granted to land on platform three-two-seven."
"boba"	"fett what if he doesn't survive? he's worth a lot to me."
"imperial"	"soldier lord vader, ship approaching. x-wing class."
"announcer"	"headquarters personnel, report to command center."
"head"	"controller k-one-zero...all troops disengage."
"wedge"	"good luck, luke. see you at the rendezvous."
"woman"	"controller stand by, ion control....fire!"
"trench"	"officer we have spotted imperial walkers!"
"hobbie"	"two fighters against a star destroyer?"
"captain"	"good. our first catch of the day."
"pilot"	"one-seven, decimal two-eight."
"janson"	"coming around. once more."
"strange"	"voice feel like what?"
"first"	"controller yes, sir."
"officer"	"begin retreat!"
"pilots"	"right. okay."
"man"	"who are you?"
"dialogue"	""
