"ben"	"the organa household was high-born and politically quite powerful in that system. leia became a princess by virtue of lineage... no one knew she'd been adopted, of course. but it was a title without real power, since alderaan had long been a democracy. even so, the family continued to be politically powerful, and leia, following in her foster father's path, became a senator as well. that's not all she became, of course... she became the leader of her cell in the alliance against the corrupt empire. and because she had diplomatic immunity, she was a vital link for getting information to the rebel cause. that's what she was doing when her path crossed yours... for her foster parents had always told her to contact me on tatooine, if her troubles became desperate."
"ackbar"	"you can see here the death star orbiting the forest moon of endor. although the weapon systems on this death star are not yet operational, the death star does have a strong defense mechanism. it is protected by an energy shield, which is generated from the nearby forest moon of endor. the shield must be deactivated if any attack is to be attempted. once the shield is down, our cruisers will create a perimeter, while the fighters fly into the superstructure and attempt to knock out the main reactor."
"luke"	"greetings, exalted one. allow me to introduce myself. i am luke skywalker, jedi knight and friend to captain solo. i know that you are powerful, mighty jabba, and that your anger with solo must be equally powerful. i seek an audience with your greatness to bargain for solo's life. with your wisdom, i'm sure that we can work out an arrangement which will be mutually beneficial and enable us to avoid any unpleasant confrontation. as a token of my goodwill, i present to you a gift: these two droids."
"mon"	"mothma the data brought to us by the bothan spies pinpoints the exact location of the emperor's new battle station. we also know that the weapon systems of this death star are not yet operational. with the imperial fleet spread throughout the galaxy in a vain effort to engage us, it is relatively unprotected. but most important of all, we've learned that the emperor himself is personally overseeing the final stages of the construction of this death star."
"yoda"	"luke...luke...do not...do not underestimate the powers of the emperor, or suffer your father's fate, you will. luke, when gone am i , the last of the jedi will you be. luke, the force runs strong in your family. pass on what you have learned, luke... there is... another...sky...sky...walker."
"emperor"	"...are walking into a trap. as is your rebel fleet! it was i who allowed the alliance to know the location of the shield generator. it is quite safe from your pitiful little band. an entire legion of my best troops awaits them."
"vader"	"sister! so...you have a twin sister. your feelings have now betrayed her, too. obi-wan was wise to hide her from me. now his failure is complete. if you will not turn to the dark side, then perhaps she will."
"threepio"	"victims of the almighty sarlacc: his excellency hopes that you will die honorably. but should any of you wish to beg for mercy, the great jabba the hutt will now listen to your pleas."
"general"	"madine we have stolen a small imperial shuttle. disguised as a cargo ship, and using a secret imperial code, a strike team will land on the moon and deactivate the shield generator."
"commander"	"this is a rebel that surrendered to us. although he denies it, i believe there may be more of them, and i request permission to conduct a further search of the area."
"death"	"star controller the security deflector shield will be deactivated when we have confirmation of your code transmission. stand by... you are clear to proceed."
"han"	"now don't get jittery, luke. there are a lot of command ships. keep your distance though, chewie, but don't look like you're trying to keep your distance."
"lando"	"we've got to be able to get some kind of a reading on that shield, up or down. well, how could they be jamming us if they don't know if we're coming."
"ninedenine"	"you're a feisty little one, but you'll soon learn some respect. i have need for you on the master's sail barge. and i think you'll fit in nicely."
"han/pilot"	"it's over, commander. the rebels have been routed. they're fleeing into the woods. we need reinforcements to continue the pursuit."
"piett"	"i have my orders from the emperor himself. he has something special planned for them. we only need to keep them from escaping."
"shuttle"	"captain command station, this is st 321. code clearance blue. we're starting our approach. deactivate the security shield."
"leia"	"no! luke, run away, far away. if he can feel your presence, then leave this place. i wish i could go with you."
"controller"	"shuttle tydirium, deactivation of the shield will commence immediately. follow your present course."
"jabba"	"it's too late for that, solo. you may have been a good smuggler, but now you're bantha fodder."
"anakin"	"you already have, luke. you were right about me. tell your sister...you were right."
"wedge"	"cut to the left! i'll take the leader! they're heading for the medical frigate."
"jerjerrod"	"lord vader, this is an unexpected pleasure. we're honored by your presence."
"guard"	"halt! the emperor does not wish to be disturbed at the moment."
"control"	"room commander send three squads to help. open the back door."
"officer"	"inform the commander that lord vader's shuttle has arrived."
"boushh"	"just relax for a moment. you're free of the carbonite."
"pilot"	"voice parts and technical crew for the forest moon."
"red"	"three three of them coming in, twenty degrees!"
"scout"	"#1 go get your ride and take her back to base."
"stormtrooper"	"all right, move it! i said move it! go on!"
"bib"	"nee jabba no badda. me chaade su goodie."
"oola"	"na chuba negatorie na! na! natoota..."
"bunker"	"commander bring those two down here!"
"green"	"leader green leader standing by."
"gray"	"leader gray leader standing by."
"rebel"	"pilot there's too many of them!"
"strange"	"voice tee chuta hhat yudd!"
"second"	"commander yes, sir."
"navigator"	"pressure's steady."
"voice"	"i'm with you, too!"
"lure"	"but you'll die."
"walker"	"pilot #1 look!"
"y-wing"	"pilot i'm hit!"
"operator"	"yes, sir."
"dialogue"	""
